Add new latency page (#182)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/deployment-paradigms/multi-region.txt

provider. If your application requires the very highest level of availability 
and lowest latency, consider a :ref:`arch-center-paradigms-multi-cloud`.

Multi-Region Deployment Use Cases
---------------------------------

The following use cases highlight a high-criticality application ("Tier 1") 
and a less-critical application, but one that still warrants a 
multi-region deployment ("Tier 2").

.. _arch-center-multi-region-tier-1:

Tier 1 Applications
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tier 1 applications require both high availability and low-latency. 
To achieve this, we recommend an architecture that consists of a minimum of 5 
nodes spread over at least 3 regions. This provides high availability in at least 
2 regions. If a node goes down, the traffic can be served from the same 
region to ensure the same latency on the primary region. 

.. figure:: /includes/images/multi-region-tier-1.png
   :figwidth: 750px
   :alt: An image showing three types of multi-region deployments

Notes and Considerations
````````````````````````

> - Your application should also be deployed in each region to further reduce  

Reviewer: Active voice. 
```suggestion
- You should deploy your application in each region to further reduce  
```

  latency.

> - You should use Privatelink for connecting to the cluster, and VPC peering 

Reviewer: Link to Private Link and VPC peering docs.

Reviewer: Also, I think generically these are called "private endpoints"? Privatelink is AWS and Private Link is Azure and GCP calls it something else?

  between the your VPCs. VPC peering ensures that if a network connection 
  is broken or {+service+} in that region goes down, the application tier can 

>   still route to the primary node, first over the vpc peering, and then over the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  still route to the primary node, first over the VPC peering, and then over the 
```

  private endpoint. 
- This architecture has the highest cost due to network traffic between regions 

>   and having a 5 or more data-bearing nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and having 5 or more data-bearing nodes. 
```

- This architecture provides the highest resiliency. There are no interruptions 
  to operations, and your application can sustain a full regional failure with 
  no interruption and manual intervention required. 

.. _arch-center-multi-region-tier-2:

Tier 2 Applications
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you have an application that can experience limited downtime or maintenance 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application can experience limited downtime or maintenance 
```

windows without significant revenue impact, you can create an architecture that 

> provides that level of availability by using 5 nodes in 2 regions. You have 3 

Reviewer: Which level of availability?

electable nodes spread across the 2 regions, and also have 2 read-only nodes in 
the secondary region. The electable nodes are in the **majority region**, while 
the region with fewer electable nodes is the **minority region**.

.. figure:: /includes/images/multi-region-tier-2.png
   :figwidth: 750px
   :alt: An image showing three types of multi-region deployments

Notes and Considerations
````````````````````````
This is a good option for:

- Customers with only 2 approved regions.
- Meeting governance compliance about data storage.
- Applications where read operations need high uptime, but write operations can 

>   experience some outage.

Reviewer: I think this information should appear first, so users know early whether or not this applies to them.

As with the "Tier 1" solution, this architecture provides increased protection 
against data loss, even in full regional outage. The system remains available 
in read-only mode in the secondary region if the primary region is lost. 

While this architecture is less expensive that the "Tier 1" solution provided 
above, the reduced cost comes with some caveats:

- If the majority region is lost, the minority region is not a fully-functional 

>   cluster; it does not have a primary and can only accept reads, but not writes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cluster; it does not have a primary and can only accept reads but not writes.
```

the EU, while offering high availability if there's a regional outage that 
affects one of the nodes.

.. _arch-center-multi-region-rec-summary:

Recommendations for Multi-Region Deployments
---------------------------------------------

.. include:: /includes/rec-list.rst

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:

>    Multi-Region Latency Strategies </deployment-paradigms/latency-strategies>

Reviewer: Suggestion: My preference for this TOC label would be:

```suggestion
   Latency Reduction Strategies </deployment-paradigms/latency-strategies>
```
Since they already have the context of multi-region from the parent page, and this gets at the crux of latency reduction. The full title can stay on the page!
